{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1404\cocoasubrtf470
{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Born at the end of time and aging backwards, I have mostly had luck on my side. After all, it isn't often that something big and unexpected happens without people talking about it afterwards, and the history books of your time have been extremely useful to me. However, there is a certain confusion that arises from being both the youngest and oldest entity existent. Many often ask me, 'do you forget what happened to you in your relative past?'. Well, I at least have gotten used to it. Looking from a single point in time, it is impossible to prove anything as to which direction you are going. You could be traveling backwards and continuously losing your memories but for the slightest glimpse of what you consider to be the future that you call your intuition, and your 'memories' are actually constantly changing predictions that you never realize are wrong because you can't remember the ones you will have about the past twenty years from now. Please, let me know if I am confusing you. My way of thinking is so radically different from yours that it can be difficult for me to find common ground with the other beings who allow themselves to be swept with the tide within the medium that is our fourth dimension. Maybe that tide will reverse itself at your 'beginning' of the universe, but according to your calculations, I currently have 13.8 billion years to go. You may ask me why I don't advise your world on the problems that you will face and my answer is that I have tried. You never believe someone who thinks of themselves as Merlin (I have a sneaking suspicion that I may end up accidentally running into our good friend Mr White), and even if you did, what good would it do to tell you about my past when all it would do is change it? All I can say is about the upcoming years is, good luck. You will most certainly need it.\
I work full time as a science fiction writer at my home near Boston, Massachusetts.\
}